this is going to be a walk around video
of my Oh two Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo
4.7 liter v8 I got it
September 9th now I got it probably
beginning August it's got the full
towing package has 138 thousand on it
it's obviously not stock it has these
are the mods that I basically know of it
has the westin brush guard with the kg
date lighter lights my smiley face
lights on it covers on it
rough country foreign suspension lift in
very good shape this was installed in
February 31 inch Kelly Safari t SRS with
amazing tread Oh
it also has Konig rims dual Rough
Country stabilizer not 100% sure what
that is if any of you guys could tell me
I think it has something with the
stabilizers I'm not sure
half my quick disconnects ways and hold
on let me unlock it here give me one
second
mess around my keys Orion sub box with
two 12-inch
Orion Cobalt subs
it's a little messy right now it has a
Orion cobalt 5001 series amp every
single mod even though brushguard was
professionally installed pioneer radio
it's in beautiful shape
that is my Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo